## Questions - the second round of reviews

- At present we have the 5.2 Reprojecting geographic data section containing four subsections. Alternatively, it is possible to move sections 5.2.2 Reprojecting vector geometries and 5.2.4 Reprojecting 5.4.4 into 5.3 and 5.4, respectively. We'd appreciate your feedback on the section's order. 

## Questions - the first round of reviews

- How best to represent the sf class system so students benefit most from the diagram in section 2.1? See discussion in this commit for at least 3 options of the best way forward: https://github.com/Robinlovelace/geocompr/commit/46f50e4c556c2252e372b69b2df1ad9eff09c709
- Should we keep all the Exercises at the end of the chapters for consistency, or add additional Exercises before the end? (Latest thinking: have a main Excercises section at the end of each chapter but include some exercises mid-chapter where appropriate.)
- How should we handle units? At present we describe them briefly in the context of simple features in Section [2.4](http://robinlovelace.net/geocompr/spatial-class.html#units) and then again in exercises [3.7](http://robinlovelace.net/geocompr/attr.html#exercises-2) but we were wondering if a more systematic coverage of this potentially tricky topic is needed
- Likewise for CRSs - we introduce them in [2.3](http://robinlovelace.net/geocompr/spatial-class.html#crs-intro) but plan a larger section, going into more detail about how to select and modify them, in Chapter 6. Sound good?
- At present we have tried to keep vector and raster data relatively well-integrated. However, there has been discussion of splitting-out some of the raster stuff (see [github discussion](https://github.com/Robinlovelace/geocompr/pull/80#discussion_r135806844)) in the context of matrix algebra, which blurs the boundary between spatial and non-spatial operations. Any thoughts on this?
- We'd also appreciate feedback on the book's structure. Our thinking has evolved as we've written the first fie chapters and, as documented in [our_chapters.md](https://github.com/Robinlovelace/geocompr/blob/master/our_chapters.md), the latest plan is to have 4 parts of the basic format methods1 -> applications1 -> methods2 -> applications2. Whether these Parts are formal in the index (like in R for Data Science) or just used for our own benefit is an open question (we're not in any rush to formalise them) but any comments on the book's structure would be appreciated. The thinking is that 'getting stuck in' with practical examples asap after the foundations have been learned will be fun and conducive to learning, so readers don't get bored before the more advanced methods sections.
- We would like to know if you think that there is a need for a chapter on cloud computing/big data in a geocomputation context?